Add docs for how to install and uninstall multiple instances of the n… (#1896)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: k8s/guides/finalizers.mdx

```bash
kubectl patch <resource> <name> --type=json -p '[{"op": "remove", "path": "/metadata/finalizers"}]'
```

## Removing finalizers from all ngrok resources

If you need to bulk-remove finalizers from all ngrok custom resources (for example, after an uninstall where the cleanup job did not complete), you can use the following script:

```bash
for crd in $(kubectl get crds -o name | grep ngrok); do
  crd_name=$(echo "$crd" | cut -d'/' -f2)
  for resource in $(kubectl get "$crd_name" --all-namespaces -o jsonpath='{range .items[*]}{.metadata.namespace}/{.metadata.name}{"\n"}{end}' 2>/dev/null); do
    ns=$(echo "$resource" | cut -d'/' -f1)
    name=$(echo "$resource" | cut -d'/' -f2)
    kubectl patch "$crd_name" "$name" -n "$ns" --type=json \
      -p '[{"op": "remove", "path": "/metadata/finalizers"}]' 2>/dev/null
  done
done
```

This iterates through every ngrok CRD type, finds all instances across all namespaces, and removes their finalizers. After running this, any resources stuck in `Terminating` state should complete their deletion.

---

## See also

> - [Uninstalling the Operator](/k8s/installation/uninstall) — how the automated cleanup process handles finalizers during uninstall

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To learn more about how the automated cleanup process handles finalizer during uninstall, see [Uninstalling the Operator](/k8s/installation/uninstall).
```
